Added further details (#39)
Cov-ComSec/Cov-ComSec.github.io: content/galactic/index.md

> We are aiming to produce beginner friendly to more challenging; so, do not be disheartened if you cannot solve something, try another challenge.

Reviewer: On this one now, is it worth mentioning there will be a warm-up category for beginners?

Author: Hinted to it above, but I guess we could make it more obvious

### What type of challenges will there be?

> We aim to cover a wide range of topics related to ethical hacking, so there should be something for everyone. Topics to expect will be cryptography, forensics, mobile, opensource intelligence, pwn and reverse engineering (note this list is not a guarantee or exhaustive).

Reviewer: Updated the names, you started with the format names for topics so I changed the others to match. Also, I'm happy to guarantee those topics since we have a challenge completed or  in development for all of them

```suggestion
We aim to cover a wide range of topics related to ethical hacking, so there should be something for everyone. Topics will  include web, cryptography, forensics, mobile, open-source intelligence, binary exploitation and reverse engineering (note: this list is not exhaustive.
```

### I have never taken part in a CTF, can I join?
Of course, everyone must start somewhere! We will release more guidance closer to the CTF.

### What can I do to practice?
For practice, we have re-released the challenges from Twelvetide, our Christmas 2021 CTF.

> The challenges are hosted on ComSec's CTF platform, which can be found at https://cueh-comsec.ctfd.io/. If you are new, you will need to create an account by clicking on register and signing up with your Coventry University group email address.

Reviewer: Have we now added the domains of the other campuses?

Author: I am still awaiting the domains, but will add them as we go along; I've added all the UK subdomains.

I believe the Egyptian campus has the same domain as us, as they have been able to access the Discord server

Reviewer: Sweet, I'm happy then. Now they have reached out, they can contact us if they have issues
